USF-1670: Dropins Localization (#95)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/order/order-dictionary.mdx

---
title: Order Dictionary

> description: Reference the default dictionary for the Order dropin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to customize the default dictionary for the order drop-in component.
```

---

import CodeImport from '@components/CodeImport.astro';
import CodeInclude from '@components/CodeInclude.astro';
import dictionary from '@dropins/storefront-order/i18n/en_US.json.d.ts?raw';

> The default Order dictionary file (`i18n/en_US.json`) contains the default values for all labels and text common to the Order drop-in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default order dictionary file (`i18n/en_US.json`) contains the default values for all labels and text common to the order drop-in component.
```
